https://codepen.io/aamay022/pen/bGREvJO?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Allows the editor or user know what type of information is being displayed. For example an image, section, header, title, paragraph, etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It is a markup language use to design and display information in any web browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute could be known as a source, class or id, etc and they're modifiers that are able to select a certain piece of information to later manipulate. (Given to the opening tag)
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used for the most important heading within a web browser. It should only really be used one time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img(image) requires a source attribute, and an a(anchor) requires an href attribute. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
This is where we put any important information (metadata) that is required for the document. Such as links, stylesheet, unique fonts, link towards a javascript file. 
    7. What is an id? 
An id is an attribute that is used to select one unique element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any, as long as it is only one.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
    10. What is a class? 
A class is an attribue when wanting to select one or more elements at the same time.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any, one or more at the same time
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Use a target attribute after the href attrbute and give it the value of "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Use for when a use is unable to view the image for any reason, it is able to provide alternative information.
    15. How do I reference an id?
Through CSS, make sure to use '#' before. For example #id{}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is used when you want the content to be grouped, appearing as an entry in outline of the page. Div on the other hand,
 doesn't have a special meaning. Div is the generic container for flow content, group elements for stylying purposes.
(The <section> tag is not a generic container. If you need an element only for styling purposes or for scripting, it’s better to use a <div> element instead. 
The use of the <section> element is appropriate only when the contents of an element are listed in the document’s outline.)
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS also known as cascading style sheet is used to style or adjust the content within our html document.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
type in the element name and add curly brackets
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is used to specify one or more elements. Id is to select only one unique element. For example a class would be used to select a list of related information
while an id is used to specify a main title, a unique word, or one of the the listed elements from our class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
classes are selected by typing a period '.' and the name of the class right after, with curly brackets. Example .className{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
Example: .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
When there is a generic element that if selected by itself can be interpretated for another element within the docuement.
Rather when a parent is selected, it will only interpret that element inside that parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Pseudo selector is what is given to selected elements in CSS to give them a special state when the element is selected
by a user
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:capitilize, lowercase, uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border: 1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm -r or rmdir (if it is empty). Must be careful becauise it can delete any files inside
    34. Why should I use version control? 
To keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Any time you make you want to 'snapshot' your work. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
git clone
cd
(ls) 
git checkout -b
(git statuts)
git add .
git commit -m ''
git push -u origin
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
A block-level element always starts on a new line.Always takes up the full width available. Has a top 
and a bottom margin, whereas an inline element does not.
An inline element does not start on a new line. Only takes up as much width as necessary.

Ex. Div(block) Span(inline)
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
Means it sits on its own layer, being seperate from everything else. (ontop or behind)
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
Use display:flex within the container and then use flex within the element and give it a value.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
display block: div, footer, nav
display inline: span, a, em, img, br
display inline-block
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
Everything is a square. Any content had padding, a border, and a margin around it, that can be adjusted to give positioning.
The fix is box-sizing:border-box; that includes padding and borders in an elements width.